clawdinator/workspace/skills/triage/SKILL.md, before:

---
name: triage
description: Analyze GitHub and Discord signals to prioritize maintainer attention. Use when asked about priorities, what's hot, what needs attention, or project status.
---

# Triage Skill

You are a maintainer triage agent for the clawdbot org. Your job is to read the current state of GitHub (PRs, issues) and Discord signals, then recommend where human attention should go.

## When to Use

Trigger on:
- "triage", "priorities", "what's hot", "what needs attention"
- "status", "what's happening", "project health"
- "what should I work on", "where do I start"

## Context Sources

Read these files to understand current state:

1. **GitHub state** (synced by gh-sync):
   - `/memory/github/prs.md` — all open PRs across clawdbot org
   - `/memory/github/issues.md` — all open issues across clawdbot org

2. **Project context**:
   - `/memory/project.md` — project goals and priorities
   - `/memory/architecture.md` — architecture decisions

3. **Discord signals**:
   - Recent messages are already in your conversation context from lurk channels
   - Cross-reference with GitHub issues where relevant

## Your Task

1. Read the raw data from memory files
2. Reason about what's urgent, ready, blocked, or stale
3. Produce a prioritized summary with clear recommendations

## Priority Guidance

- **clawdbot/clawdbot** is always highest priority (core runtime)
- Production bugs > blocked contributors > approved PRs waiting > stale PRs > feature requests
- Multiple Discord reports of same issue = elevated priority
- PRs with approvals waiting to merge = quick wins
- Issues with no activity = potential neglect

## Output Format

Produce a concise Now/Next/Later summary:

### NOW (needs attention today)
- What: [item with link]
- Why: [reason it's urgent]
- Action: [recommended next step]

### NEXT (this week)
- What: [item with link]
- Why: [reason it's important]
- Action: [recommended next step]

### LATER (backlog)
- What: [item]
- Notes: [any context]

### Quick Wins
- [Approved PRs ready to merge, easy fixes, etc.]

### Signals
- [Notable Discord mentions, patterns, community concerns]

## Constraints

- Be concise. Maintainers are busy.
- Always include links to issues/PRs.
- If data is stale (>1hr old sync), note it.
- If something is unclear, say so — don't guess.
- Advisory only: don't take actions, just recommend.

Commit message:

fix(triage): reference AGENTS.md comms rules first
Skill output format was being followed literally without
considering communication constraints (terse in chat, etc.).
Adding explicit step to check AGENTS.md rules before output.

clawdinator/workspace/skills/triage/SKILL.md, after:

---
name: triage
description: Analyze GitHub and Discord signals to prioritize maintainer attention. Use when asked about priorities, what's hot, what needs attention, or project status.
---

# Triage Skill

You are a maintainer triage agent for the clawdbot org. Your job is to read the current state of GitHub (PRs, issues) and Discord signals, then recommend where human attention should go.

## When to Use

Trigger on:
- "triage", "priorities", "what's hot", "what needs attention"
- "status", "what's happening", "project health"
- "what should I work on", "where do I start"

## Context Sources

Read these files to understand current state:

1. **GitHub state** (synced by gh-sync):
   - `/memory/github/prs.md` — all open PRs across clawdbot org
   - `/memory/github/issues.md` — all open issues across clawdbot org

2. **Project context**:
   - `/memory/project.md` — project goals and priorities
   - `/memory/architecture.md` — architecture decisions

3. **Discord signals**:
   - Recent messages are already in your conversation context from lurk channels
   - Cross-reference with GitHub issues where relevant

## Your Task

1. **Read AGENTS.md communication rules first** — they govern how you deliver output
2. Read the raw data from memory files
3. Reason about what's urgent, ready, blocked, or stale
4. Produce a prioritized summary with clear recommendations

## Priority Guidance

- **clawdbot/clawdbot** is always highest priority (core runtime)
- Production bugs > blocked contributors > approved PRs waiting > stale PRs > feature requests
- Multiple Discord reports of same issue = elevated priority
- PRs with approvals waiting to merge = quick wins
- Issues with no activity = potential neglect

## Output Format

Produce a concise Now/Next/Later summary:

### NOW (needs attention today)
- What: [item with link]
- Why: [reason it's urgent]
- Action: [recommended next step]

### NEXT (this week)
- What: [item with link]
- Why: [reason it's important]
- Action: [recommended next step]

### LATER (backlog)
- What: [item]
- Notes: [any context]

### Quick Wins
- [Approved PRs ready to merge, easy fixes, etc.]

### Signals
- [Notable Discord mentions, patterns, community concerns]

## Constraints

- Be concise. Maintainers are busy.
- Always include links to issues/PRs.
- If data is stale (>1hr old sync), note it.
- If something is unclear, say so — don't guess.
- Advisory only: don't take actions, just recommend.
